Reference RP2350-E15 in README (#212)
raspberrypi/picotool: README.md

### permissions

> This command will run a binary on your device in order to set the OTP permissions, as these are not directly accessible from `picotool` on due to errata RP2350-E15 on RP2350 A2. 

Reviewer: "on due" -> "due" ?

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

> Because it runs a binary, the binary needs to be signed if secure boot is enabled. The binary will print what it is doing over UART, which
> can be configured using the UART Configuration arguments. You can define your OTP permissions in a json file, an example of which

Reviewer 2: The bit about UART is actually wrong now, as the binary lights an LED instead, so maybe something like the following?

```suggestion
Because it runs a binary, the binary needs to be signed if secure boot is enabled. The binary will light an LED when running, which
can be configured using the `--led` argument. You can define your OTP permissions in a json file, an example of which
```

Author: Thanks!
